# Basic Knowledge
1. What is open-source physics?

  The OSP is a collection of curriculum resources that engage students in physics, computation, and computer modeling. 
1. What is its value to physics' teaching?

  OSP provides physics teaching a virtual laboratory where students would learn physics by developing, testing, and applying models to explain or predict natural phenomena.
1. Why need the laboratory to be open-source?

  Because of the technical barrier teachers always tend to shy away from computer modeling with traditional programming tools. Paradoxically, OSP's major feature is its open source but its main users don't care that. 
 
1. How would ordinary teachers participate in?

  Ordinary teachers would be divided into two types, regular teachers(course teacher) and information technology teachers.

* For the regular teachers

  They use curricular material including model to teach. To teach with the full use of this materials they would create some additional tasks, worksheets, exercises for them. 

* For the modeler

  OSP provides several stand-alone applications for physics teaching and student activities. Modelers need following tools to make the modeling cycle easier: Launcher, Tracker, EJS and data tool.
  - Launcher is an OSP tool that addresses the problem of how to **distribute** OSP and EJS programs and curricular model.
  - Tracker is an image and video **analysis** package and modeling tool that is built upon the OSP Java code library.
  - EJS stands for Easy Java Simulations. EJS is an authoring and modeling tool that allows users to **create** Java programs with minimal programming.
  - Data tool is a data **analysis** tool for plotting and fitting data from the laboratory into columns, video analysis, or any other data set organized into columns.

  So modelers with no enough programming skill would use EJS to create teaching models; use Tracker and Data tool to analyze image, video and data; use Launcher to distributor what they have created.

# Further Questions
1. What if we use GitHub to collect and share ready-to-use curricular material?
  * advantages
    - GitHub is a free place to hold its repository, every body would join in especially programmers
  * disadvantages
    - teachers may find it difficult to use. What's more teachers are seldom there, let alone share materials with each other.
1. How to use the four tools to create and publish a modele
